Four-state logic (#7193)
verilator/verilator: docs/guide/warnings.rst

   in decreased performance.

.. option:: CASTFOURSTATE

   Warns about not supported four-state logic feature.
   When two-state logic variant of a feature is fully supported,

>    an implicit cast to two-state type is made

Reviewer: Cleaner.  Describe what is wrong from the user's point of view, what they should be doing if anything. That this is four-state future I think isn't important and can omit.

Also please generate the example along with the error message printed, as other (recent) warnings do.

   in decreased performance.

.. option:: CASTFOURSTATE

>    Warns about implicit conversion from four-state logic to two-state logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Warns on an implicit conversion from four-state logic to two-state logic.
```

   :option:`ASCRANGE`. While :option:`LITENDIAN` remains for
   backwards compatibility, new projects should use :option:`ASCRANGE`.

.. option:: LOGICCAST

   Warns about not supported four-state logic feature.
   When two-state logic variant of a feature is fully supported,

>    an implicit cast to two-state type is made

Reviewer: Need better description, perhaps with example.

Maybe CASTFOURSTATE?

   :option:`ASCRANGE`. While :option:`LITENDIAN` remains for
   backwards compatibility, new projects should use :option:`ASCRANGE`.

> 

Reviewer: Revert
